Go and get training back.
Mom, do you know what you're talking about?
Of course I know what I'm talking about.
It is the group's shares below.
Do you know how many colleagues are watching our family’s jokes?
If you join forces with the Xun family now,
All the problems in our family can be solved.
What a strength, you must mention mom this time,
Mom really does it for your own good,
Your father’s hard-earned craftsmanship,
It cannot be ruined in your life.
Mom, training is the culprit.
You let me train him. Mother
You will be old enough
Don't interfere anymore
company matters
I will handle it myself
Who is going to prepare my wife too?
You must be able to handle it
Sometimes I pause before my wife
Let’s not meet again. Facility
Yingying, sorry
I’ll give you Pegasus again.
But don't worry
I won't marry anyone but you
I said we are not suitable
Why is it inappropriate?
If you think being rich is a sin
I can donate all my money
Be a pair of ordinary servers with you